Everyone requires access! But some people require different forms of access. We will facilitate inclusion and access by implementing several strategies.

What We’re Doing Now
Real-time access via Zoom for education/training.
Auto-captions (open) for social media videos, meetings, and trainings (for live sessions we are willing to work with CART and ASL if someone can provide or pay for it).
Graphics and other images with ALT text and image descriptions (there’s a difference).
Accessible PDFs.
Font on website 14 pt sans serif or larger; font for documents is sans serif and available in 14 pt.
Use of clear, plain language when possible.
Sliding scale pricing.
Multiple contact and communication options on our website, in our email signatures, etc.
Phone number for texting and phone calls.
Accessibility worked into our budget and DEI plan.

What We’re Working On Doing
(This is ordered to reflect time-frame, not priority.)
Reasonable rescheduling.
Better accessibility for our mobile-responsive website.
Education provided via instant digital download, accessing a web page.
Declaring our access needs and asking for the access needs of others in advance of meetings/collaboration/consultation so we can try to meet them.
Statement about understanding, accepting, and practicing crip time and cross-disability solidarity.
Accessible business cards with Braille.

What We’d Like To Do
Pronunciation guide and vocabulary definitions.
Access riders.
CART for live video events (we have applied for a separate grant for this).
Spanish interpretation for live videos (we have applied for a separate grant for this).
Offer our online reading documents (web pages) with sans serif fonts and a printable document (PDF) with slab serif. 
Offer verbal, visual, and where possible, kinetic material, to accommodate different learning styles.
Everyone on the team trained in how to provide best practices for accessibility; materials such as microphones and plain backdrops provided as necessary.
Accessibility coordinator listed on all materials; can be contacted for accommodations we have not provided.
